Hamza Abujabir, please enter with Fathom also so we have it recorded, I mean I don't know You don't trust my creation, Aadil? We need some time, not your creation, this is a problem. Last time we had a meeting, remember? Yeah. Okay, shall we continue? Okay, so the first thing that we really need to impress on these guys is time that, you know, we need to understand exactly when part six is finished. And when, you know, it's going to be connected with the rest of the parts. So they build the parts separately and then they connect it. This is the first thing that I think they need to understand so that they're working very fast. Second of all, we also need to introduce the teams and we need to know from their side who are the teams that are going to work with us, right? Who are we going to meet tomorrow? Could you repeat? Who are we going to meet tomorrow? So we're meeting Maram, who is the head of female empowerment. Then you have Bandar, who is the IT manager. You have Fahad, who is the factory manager. And then there are three more engineers who were with us when we visited them. I don't know if they will attend tomorrow's meeting. No, they will not attend tomorrow. So tomorrow will be only the high level guys only. OK. And then very important is also the timeline. So what happened? We visited them on this date and this is the data that we got. And this is what we understood. So there is a place they have given us where we will do our quality check. And then the fact that we're not going to do it on the line because they said that it's better to do it separately for the time being. And then later on, we can see we're moving the line. And this makes sense. So initially, we train the model. We're getting everything ready. And inshallah, once, you know, it's successful and ready, we could maybe move it to the line later on. And the way it's supposed to be done is they said that once they finish teaching, they will move it to our party room for us to do quality checks. And then they will move it back to wherever they need to move it. So what if they have bad quality? What they will do? Nothing. This is the thing. So this is what we understood when we went there, is that even in the current situation, when they have bad quality, they cannot do anything about it in general because you have to remove a lot of stuff, of the good stuff also, before you can correct it. So right now, at the end, when they see, they just record it. Now, again, this calls into question the usefulness of the project itself. And this was an issue that we also had and we discussed a lot, me and Amru. And so the way we can prove that this project, inshallah, will make sense, is that at this current stage, we are still just, you can say, making it easier for the human being. And the fact that, OK, there's a quality report that's automated, generated automatically. And they have a dashboard and all of this. But then in the future, once we have already made sure, with the part and the camera and all of these things, in the future, what we can do is they can be installed on the live stitching, where, and of course, it will not be recording all the time, but let's say every half an hour, you know, or during the break times, we can do a quality check to see, OK, how has it moved forward. But of course, for that, we need a lot of training data. It will take time to actually set it up. But this is this is a plan that we could have, because actually, for quality to be useful, it has to be done during the actual stitching. That's where it really makes sense. So we are. So this is what they expected from us. I mean, they expected us to just take it after. They did not expect us to do it during. They expected us to do it after it's done. And they already should understand. I don't know if they will agree or Maran knows all this, but they should understand, inshallah. So our aim here is to come to a situation where the reports will be done automatically. So the lamb is not straight. The side thing is not straight. Or there is a small mistake in this. Well, this problem is a little more gold used here. Maybe I'm not sure how we do this, but this one will have to. We will need to check their previous quality reports. Yes. Yes. So this is one thing that we request from them. We can't replicate what they what they have as a digital. Yes. Yes. That's that's the first thing. And that's what we are going to show. Inshallah, what comes in is built already. The HTML says the JavaScript sort of dashboard that we have. We will just show them briefly and tell them, say, this is the prototype. The last for some time, you know, we are waiting for the signing of the project. So we built the dashboard. But of course, they will be changed depending on on what is needed to be changed, inshallah. So this this is, first of all, very important. That means the timeline, then the keys and then the data that we need from them. So we really need the data for the. So we asked them at that time to get the exact size of the bench that, you know, the piece is going to be the exact size of the piece. All of this, they told us we will give it to you in an email later on the engineers, which we never got because we had not signed the contract. And now that it's fine, it's extremely important that we get it as soon as possible. Then another very big request, which I think is going to be very hard. But given that we have the big people here, maybe we can get it done is to get the kiswah from last year or any one of the years for this part. So I don't know how they store the kiswah. We may have it. What? I don't think they have it. From what we understood. Yeah, they say they have it, but it's not under the government. So they have to request it to take it back or something. So we have to. But it's in the warehouse. From what I understood, it's in their warehouse in Kiswah. So what our request is, we're not going to take the piece outside the factory. It will be inside in the same room they gave us. Once they give it to us, we will just have it in the same setup that we're going to have the new part six. Is it a part or is the complete kiswah they have? Allah knows best. We don't understand. But I feel that they divide it according to parts. I don't think they divide it because what I know from the usual theories that we have is that after every year, they take this, they cut it to pieces and they send this as gifts to some people with government entities and stuff like that. So probably even if they have it, they don't have it completely. Maybe part of it. So I don't know. We need to we need to figure it out, I think. But even if they don't have a part there, maybe the quality reports can mimic us having this. Yes. So that's part of the data we need to collect. So we need the quality reports. They have pictures, but they are in PDFs. So we need they said that they have raw pictures. So we need to get the raw pictures of part six as many as possible. They have 10 GB of pictures. Give us all the pictures. No issues. But of course, having the live part would be the best because we can we can take train the model the best. And so that's what maybe there should be a small primer by you on the on the importance of having training data. So this is where we train the stuff and it will make us as close to our target as possible. But I don't know if they give it or not. This is one thing. The other thing is, of course, there is a base layer, which I forgot the name of the base layer that is below the part they stitch, which we saw. This also should this is something that we will need. Maybe. I don't know if we can get a picture or like the actual file that they're using. So this one, I'm going to put a picture of that also in this slide so that they know what we're talking about. And they should give us this one because this is actually on top of this. They print, they stitch, they stitch cotton and then they stitch black writing. Yeah, there is a black cloth. And on top of that, there is. But it's it's it's not it's not writing. It's actually ink that they have already a set like a square where they just place it on top and then put ink. You get the lines. All of them come straight. And then these people, they just follow those lines. I mean, guidelines, guidelines, but they still get it wrong. And even the guidelines is very clear. They still sometimes get lost. So if you have the guidelines, we can help train the model a bit better. So. Yeah, I'm ready. Also, we are missing. I'm going to send you the picture of what we are speaking about, about the guidelines. So this is like the first thing they put before doing the cotton and then the gold. So they said this picture, they have an actual actual design. It's as a as a as a design fight or something. So we we ask that we also need this. So this is everything. So to sum up what I said, so the data we require for them at the size of the bench that holds the piece, the quality reports, plus the raw pictures as much as we can for the part six. The dates to finish the part six before they they send it to the assembly and also the dimensions of the part six and the actual part old part of part six, if possible, if we can get it. And the draw the road drawing that we spoke about. This is the things we need from them. From our side, we will show the setup. Which is check is working on, we will get a video from him, the setup of the camera, the instruction, everything. Also, the camera, how the camera will work, the heights and other things. Also, Hamza has done it. I'll take for him. Also, the UI of the reporting, which should should later align with the same reporting mechanism or the same sporting structure reporting such that they will share with us. We will change it to them. That's all of it. And also the point of contact, because we want to, I think the point of contact will be Mr. And directly, but we also want to confirm it in the meeting. Okay. Yeah. So, yeah, I think it's very important that they understood the answer that we have done work. And we are working on stuff, but we are held back. We're not able to finish because of the fact that you're not able to get the contract site. So now we really need to be fast and make sure that we are ready by the time it's ready. That's kind of thing. That is how we take it on from there. I don't know when we will, but we have to order the camera. So we haven't ordered the camera yet. I spoke to Nomas. Yeah, I wasn't in contact with Abdulaziz. Well, he's not very responsive as a guy. You know, he says, no, we don't have it. He spoke a little. He asked me to. He said, what if I don't have? I said, OK, give me 20. He said, no, we don't have that. Also, I said, do you know any any people inside Saudi Arabia who are actually selling this stuff? He says, no, I don't know anyone. So we have to order it from China on the express. So I was thinking right after the meeting. We will make the order. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think I think we've covered most of it. There's a lot of work coming up and they will also have to be there. But also for some time. And remember, there is no Baraka in Kiswa itself. So don't commit shirk, please. Please give me one piece, sir. Doesn't mean anything. I know. I know. I'm joking. Yeah, I know. It's a nice project. Mashallah. I think. I think I do a great job. I believe in. So I'm going to next step, inshallah, should be for giving the proposal. Yeah, I'll prepare everything. Then you can set up the design and everything. I'll push everything and get up and send it to you so you can check it out. OK, so I will as well. OK, send me the link and I will look into it. OK, I'll still do it. I will. I will. I will put all the points we talked about and the set up videos, the camera thing, the UI things. All of them will be in one one thing. So you can design that. However you want to. OK, OK. OK, OK. Tomorrow I will be in a serious assessment. So but I will join, inshallah, from one out, inshallah. I'll tell them that I have to have to. Yes, I know. He's flying today at seven o'clock. So also, I mean, so the meeting will be attended by its mom and also by MCIT. So, yeah, it sounds OK. OK, so I think everything that you want to show. And if I have a question, everything is clear. Like they ask the expectation that we set the tone for expectations and so on. So, yeah. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you.
